README.md, before:

# ExpoConnect

## Description
This project, streamlines the process of capturing and managing visitor information at business exhibitions.
With a user-friendly single-page form for data collection and an intuitive admin-panel for easy record management, this project provide a seamless solution for businesses to connect with potential leads and maximize their exhibition presence.

## Usage
Fill out the form in the form application to capture visitor information.
Use the admin panel to view and manage captured records.

## Built With
- MERN + Material-UI

## Folder Structure
The project folder structure is organized as follows:

- `form/`: Contains the frontend form application built with React.js.
- `admin-panel/`: Contains the admin panel application built with React.js.
- `server/`: Contains the backend Node.js application.

## Installation
- To run the project locally, follow these steps
1. Star this repository.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Navigate to the form/ directory and run npm install to install frontend dependencies.
4. Navigate to the admin-panel/ directory and run npm install to install frontend dependencies.
5. Navigate to the server/ directory and run npm install to install backend dependencies.
6. Start the MongoDB server.
7. In the server/ directory, run npm start to start the backend server.
8. In separate terminals, navigate to the form/ and admin-panel/ directories and run npm start to start the frontend applications.
9. Access the form application at http://localhost:3000 and the admin panel at http://localhost:3001.
10. Make sure to change .env as required (added .env.example for easy understanding).

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Kushal1402/ExpoConnect/issues).

## Contribution Guidlines
1. Fork and clone the repository.
2. Create a new branch: git checkout -b feature/my-feature.
3. Commit your changes: git commit -m "Add my feature".
4. Push to the branch: git push origin feature/my-feature.
5. Submit a pull request.

## Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Authors
👤 Kushal Doshi
- Github: [@Kushal1402](https://github.com/Kushal1402)
- Linkedin: [Kushal Doshi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kushaldoshi1402)

Commit message:

ui-front & admin ui initialize

README.md, after:

# ExpoConnect

## Description
This project, streamlines the process of capturing and managing visitor information at business exhibitions.
With a user-friendly single-page form for data collection and an intuitive admin-panel for easy record management, this project provide a seamless solution for businesses to connect with potential leads and maximize their exhibition presence.

## Usage
Fill out the form in the form application to capture visitor information.
Use the admin panel to view and manage captured records.

## Built With
- MERN + Material-UI

## Folder Structure
The project folder structure is organized as follows:

- `front/`: Contains the frontend form application built with React.js.
- `admin/`: Contains the admin panel application built with React.js.
- `node-api/`: Contains the backend Node.js application.

## Installation
- To run the project locally, follow these steps
1. Star this repository.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Navigate to the front/ directory and run npm install to install frontend dependencies.
4. Navigate to the admin/ directory and run npm install to install frontend dependencies.
5. Navigate to the node-api/ directory and run npm install to install backend dependencies.
6. Start the MongoDB server.
7. In the node-api/ directory, run npm start to start the backend server.
8. In separate terminals, navigate to the front/ and admin/ directories and run npm start to start the frontend applications.
9. Access the form application at http://localhost:3000 and the admin panel at http://localhost:3001.
10. Make sure to change .env as required (added .env.example for easy understanding).

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Kushal1402/ExpoConnect/issues).

## Contribution Guidlines
1. Fork and clone the repository.
2. Create a new branch: git checkout -b feature/my-feature.
3. Commit your changes: git commit -m "Add my feature".
4. Push to the branch: git push origin feature/my-feature.
5. Submit a pull request.

## Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Authors
👤 Kushal Doshi
- Github: [@Kushal1402](https://github.com/Kushal1402)
- Linkedin: [Kushal Doshi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kushaldoshi1402)
